Patient Contact Detection System
=================
A Kinect application that can detect and record the activities of people in the detection zone by tracking the positions of their hands as well as 
the general positions of their bodies. Specifically, the activities of the hands in the region 
of bed are classified as patient contacts, which is what the system focuses on analyzing.

Hardware Requirement
-------------------- 
• Two Kinects (first generation)  
• Two considerably large fiducial markers  
• Two PCs with USB 3.0 host controllers installed.

Software Requirement 
-------------------- 
• Canopy Python (or other Python with matplotlib, numpy and mpl_toolkits libraries)
• Microsoft VIsual Studio 2012 (or later)
• Microsoft Visual C++ 2010 Redistributable Package (x86)  
• Microsoft Kinect SDK 1.8 (for first generation)

Setting
-------------------- 
Assume a table is the hand tracking zone with one side treated as the head and the opposite side treated as the end.  
1. Attach two fiducial markers to a board and place the board at the end of the table.  
2. Place two Kinects at the opposite sides of head of the table.  
3. Tilt the two Kinects to point to the fiducial markers.  
4. Connect the Kinects to the two computers respectively.

Instructions
--------------------   
1. Create a folder called "Data" on "Desktop" for each computer.  
2. For two computers:
	i. Open the project: PCDS (Kinect v1) -> PCDS -> DistanceDetection -> DistanceDetection (C# project file). 
	ii. Select the placement for the Kinect each computer is connecting to.  
3. After a while, the hand tacking zone will be created and visualized on UI. The system is start collecting data.  
4. After closing the system, the data files will be generated and stored in the "Data" folder on Desktop.  
5. Use corresponding python program (ProcessData_Left.py for left Kinect and ProcessData_Right.py for right Kinect) 
    to analyze the the data and generate a "output.txt" file in the same "Data" folder.  

Notes
--------------------
* The data file generated by the process of running the left Kinect is "data_left" and "data_right" for the right one.
* The "left" and "right" we define here are from the perspective of a person standing near the foot of bed and facing to the head of bed.
* You can just use one computer with 2 USB 3.0 host controllers instead of using two computer, the only difference is that you will open one more duplicate process of the same project
   to control the second Kinect. And you have to test it the first time you connect two Kinects to the computer to decide which port corresponds to left Kinect (you might need to flip them).

Contact
-------------------- 
Feel free to contact me if you have any problems running the system through  
Email: wqsa007gg@gmail.com  
or Github account.
